okay this is my Gundam store and more
platinum member whatever a package just
came in the mail so I'm going to open it
up and see what I got hey all right so
these are the three bases that i bought
some jogging bases action base one we
also picked up a blue frame and a red
premise tray so that wasn't a part of
the order let's see what I got in terms
of everything else this is the V dash
gundam i ordered it with the 75 credit
that you get here's my justice 10 100
that'd be cool to get something
different color I don't really have
model that isn't like blue or white or
black or red it'd be cool to get
something that would stand out from the
rest of my stuff and it looked pretty
cool probably you want to put together
oh I guess this is my random master
grade not that excited about it I
thought it was hoping for it either the
perfect Gundam something else but don't
be fun I guess I random high-grade head
solution ok and a couple of other ones
that I got with this the 75 credit some
super deformed wasn't really excited man
is just trying to fill in the money that
I needed actually like the strike super
form that looks pretty cool this one I
they actually ran out of the Okazaki
that I wanted and I asked them to get me
an eagle instead but I guess this is
fine too and here is the
reframe astray that money cousin got
looks pretty cool i love the time use
that one here's my wrist there's the
last thing i got with the 75 credit the
launcher strike and i guess this is the
$25 club no idea what this is looks like
a ship of some sort you got the football
thingy that everybody seems to have been
getting got some more super to form
stuff not really a big fat super just
one
hoping to get too much of it time I got
is a key add a catalog a pack of trading
cards magnet I'm going story or patent
and some candy this is point as I
thought I would get a gundam model more
care that i didn't seems to be it guess
I'll have some fun putting everything
together and yeah that's it